hey guys i'm foxxy 100 and cider ah yeah
so today we are gonna advertise this
hunger game server it's really cold so
you want to go to the lobby now sure
let's go Allah oh ok so we are at the
lobby which is so cool and then you guys
can have rank if you guys win the Hunger
Games a lot and then we can join the
arena so let's join the arena not
realistic yeah let's join three ok ok
whoa whoa there's about I think 5 maps
and it's gonna start in seven seconds
let's start ok I'm like running so much
let's go we need to find chest to
survive the hunger games for example oh
good nothing here it was chopped ok let
me so I'm at the middle don't know I'll
go already ok um I found for war 2 p's
telling next yeah I found another chest
Oh for apples now us but we need sold
else we gonna die there are no socks Oh
No cooked chicken raw pork chops and
intense kill where is the ok found
another chest yes I thought really yeah
guys I saw be searched on the store yeah
and armor I in chest I am I anomalies
are the best k you want to go to the
middle no wait ok yeah i'm searching
more for that chest i can point any
choice many people dies oh no taking
chest oh my god found another know
taking a sword run oh I found another
chest with golden sword I got three I
can't think that is really really and go
let it you need if you want it what the
hell was he gone ok have all my stuff oh
I am a lot of sorts I've three swords I
unsought wooden sword and wooden sword
and holding so another chest so many ok
come to the middle oh I see a guy let me
kill him Rana Rana yeah killed awesome
then you get fifty dollar for each kill
then you can go to their build double
build on minecraft a model of you got my
craft on icarly.com in Minecraft ok I'm
in the middle where are you that's
always good I in the middle yeah okay
see to that pop chicken oh I ain't
thought oh I think I get hit you on
look dude he's like so strong okay I
give you my soul it that right now I
hand killer all the way on this guy's
head thoughts okay you get my sword I'm
gonna kill him she's killing me with
hand I'm gonna die oh my god it's
because he's unlike so lagging yeah I
can't even hit him I'm gonna die I left
onto the sky starting she's running away
no I'm lagging so much that's good oh my
god I can't get him dragging too much
all I died what the hell dude almost
like years the guy strong yeah handy
killer okay i'm still noob so play
minecraft thought know what might you go
in my car mmm is that mean it going on
yeah minecraft hunger games com or the
website okay bye guys remember boat
subscribe subscribe please subscribe me
bye